hey everybody welcome back and reliant
plays The Binding of Isaac and for the
Plus did we do greedier we did just do
greedy or didn't we one likely order oh
wait maybe we did maybe we didn't but
either way we got to play the keeper
it's just it is what it is we got to get
some keeper punishment done I'm excited
it's been forever here's our keeper boy
g1n pd3 OD oh my god we don't have the
Wooden Nickel unlocked how do you unlock
the Wooden Nickel as the keeper I got to
refresh my memory here so the keeper
gets two cents every time he picks up a
coin it can either give him money or
heal them the only kind of thing we want
out of a tinted rock is small rock
because we can't get any form of HP
without having the Wooden Nickel I
wouldn't say it's impossible but it's
extremely unlikely that we'll succeed
which is exactly why we have to try
because it would be hilarious for us to
accomplish essentially anything on a on
a run without having the Wooden Nickel
I'm gonna try probably here for a secret
room probably not there so I'm gonna
save our other bombs we don't even again
like really care about using bombs to
open tinted rocks but you never know
when these bombs are gonna be valuable I
bet that being said I'm gonna use them
to open tinted rocks cuz if we get small
rock that would be pretty big can't take
that we gotta have a certain affinity
for for risk to enjoy playing as the
keeper I think you got to respect the
fact that you know we can pretty much
die two bedrooms we're dead
leave that coin there for now and
without anything that gives us extra
money we're in a very strange spot like
normally wouldn't occur would give us a
good chance but then we got the piggy
bank that could have shown up in the
shop that could have helped us out as
well to a clubs not necessarily bad I
think I'm just gonna go I know we're
leaving behind a few coins doesn't
bother me too much thanks to the map we
can actually see where we're going at
all times we might not want a deal with
the devil that's the other thing I'm
just reminding myself you know what the
best practices are when you play as the
keeper for right now it doesn't matter
too much I think the best practice is
stay alive as pithy as that might sound
yeah I think you just pop it as Pythias
that might sound it's it's also darn
true come on
do I have Guppies tail or something I'm
not saying you should have give me small
rock but you know give me give me flies
don't give me a lock that being said I
will open it money and bombs we should
probably start throwing or leaving money
on the ground instead of always picking
it up because it's gonna create a
situation that's untenable for us pretty
quickly eventually we're gonna get hit
the runs not that strong I mean if we're
gonna have no spacebar item shoopdawhoop
is actually a pretty good one to to get
saddled with early on
oh dude that's amazing so we can
actually take a one hard deal we'll take
dark matter
we'll take magic mush to buff us up we
could have taken the pill in the interim
period but this run actually is looking
okay right now and again we don't need
to beat every floor we don't need to win
the whole run I should say to make this
run worth doing we only need to beat mom
or boss rush well I guess you have to
beat mom to beat Basra we only have to
beat mom to unlock something I don't
know what it'll unlock but we'll it
would be the Wooden Nickel probably not
eventually we're gonna need that but
dude this is I I relish these
opportunities because this is like
nothing ventured nothing gained right
like we're actually not taking a big
risk by my opinion at least we're not
taking a big risk and playing the keeper
without a Wooden Nickel because if
nobody expects us to win so if we win
it's gonna be remarkable and if we lose
while giving it a good try
most people will be like you know what
good try he threw it at the wall to see
what would stick and maybe it worked
maybe it didn't but either way I think
that's it boo grudgingly admire it might
be a good way to describe it but we'll
see
right now we are like the the run is
overpowered the only problem is getting
it twice renders me like actually
completely dead so we'll take this and
open no cram pose no Krampus copy
transformation would be pretty big an
update is available for Adobe Creative
Cloud I know you were like where's the
Creative Cloud notifications it's still
there
one day we'll take care of that well is
it probably like hundreds of kilobytes
in that update I don't have time for
that okay I'm a busy man
might take mere seconds to download and
implement thanks to the hard working
software engineers at Adobe more like a
don't ask me if I want to update anymore
please
we could probably earn a free key out of
that without getting ourselves too hurt
but the puzzle has potentially
catastrophic implications if we mess it
up um I'm just you know I'm gonna
exercise my right to not take an item
I'm not gonna take my reflection and the
reason for that is because I think it's
probably not very good at least right
now we're gonna head down to the next
floor it's kind of hard for me but kind
of hard for me to believe that five
minutes in we're actually on the fourth
floor
don't flatter yourself but it's five
minutes at eight seconds I also think I
I think I have a bad habit in Isaac I
think I play up to or down to the
quality of my run I don't know if it's
sports psychological or what but think
the better or run the worse I play the
higher the stakes are the better I play
I could easily you know I could be
trying to spin that into a positive
plays well under pressure
yeah but it also you know you could spin
it into a negative takes good runs for
granted puts himself in a dangerous
situation I'm gonna try to abuse it for
my advantage right now if I do indeed
have that kind of tendency but you know
it's with the knowledge that you know
it's sweet now but it could be sour
later
I don't like that sweet is the de facto
oh my lord
little Chad obviously irrelevant I don't
like that the sweet is that sweet is the
de facto like number one this tastes
good sort of tastes you know I'm a fan
of bitter I like beer I like coffee I'm
not that much of a fan of sweet I mean
everybody's a fan of it to some degree
sweet doesn't just mean cookies for
example but still was I scared that we
would die there yeah I didn't want to
let on though can't get that
unfortunately um we're gonna explore
looking for a second secret room maybe
you think that little Chad can drop
coins for us he probably drops flies
come on are you gonna rip me off on
secret room access like this we can't
actually go in here now we got a check
right turns out that no we did not have
to check so we came very close to death
there who's our other boss come on just
a single coin that's all we need not
that bad but could go terribly wrong
actually the fear shot is a liability
here be really nice to kill him before
he shoots again we're alive and we're
still alive okay like cool but I need
the coins dude okay those are those are
flies as mentioned coins please good
lord I am okay that's fine it worked I
was gonna say I've never worked this
hard normally you want items that give
you coins this situation we want coins
they give us items we're just very lucky
I guess that the item was a coin
we've still only been hit once on this
entire run though I mean stats wise it's
a high-quality run don't get me wrong
you know what we could really use is a
tears upgrade our damage can get us out
of a pinch monsters tooth some bad item
for us right now our damage can get us
out of a pinch but it would be better oh
that's not bad actually it would be
better if we could shoot more frequently
should have blown myself up all of that
one hurts that hurts a lot cuz we
absolutely could have had it we just
walked into a room that was oh I felt a
sinking feeling in my stomach as soon as
I took that first bit of damage there
could've just blown ourselves up would
have probably been fine um Wooden Nickel
Isaac how do you unlock this garbage
item
how do you how do you unlock it donate
30 coins to the greed machine this is a
starting item for keeper after he beats
Isaac okay so we kind of squandered that
because that was like a really good run
you gotta beat Isaac with the keeper and
then you get it still you know it's not
like we had a 12 out of 10 running
failed
we had a momentary brain fart on a room
that is actually probably the number one
room that people complain about in this
game so although I still think that
maybe room that almost every time I get
hit on with the freaking the blue spiked
turrets is probably a little bit more
annoying cuz I'm on that room you can
get away without taking damage I pretty
much just stood in place I decided to
let in action you know decide my fate we
still would like petrified poop even
regular poop is okay here sorry I'm just
Dee hood eing cuz it's getting quite
warm in here even a regular poop we can
do okay with if it gives us the
occasional coin but yeah we're really
looking out for like if possible
petrified poop is a trinket that was
really bad damage don't eat see relax
you're not in a bad spot we're looking
out for petrified poop as a trinket
swallowed penny as a trinket anything
along these lines helps us out it looks
like we got a spirit art out of that
poop so we got flies okay there's our
coin we will pick up the other coins
because if we get an arcade we can get a
speed upgrade or IV bag from from the
arcade you can pretty much play the
blood bank until it pays out one way or
the other for now we're back kind of in
the garbage pile we're gonna get out of
this floor as quickly as we can
I'm not that worried about having five
cents even though I said an RK to be
useful because sometimes the blood bank
or IV bag it maybe both don't pay out as
greed I remember that specifically and
it's extremely annoying when you have
very limited HP
play around with I mean that's really
good would have been nice to leverage it
for a deal with the devil but so be it
still good seller too touchy room very
very touchy room trying to use the poop
on the room most of the time because
that way if it pays out with poop or
sorry if it pays out with a coin
we'll have that coin on the room that we
get hit on it kind of insulates us very
slightly from getting it twice on the
same room but again it continues to be a
delicate situation and all these greed
runs are gonna be a keeper runs are
gonna be a delicate situation to be fair
let's try it okay we basically have to
use poop as if it's the world's worst
Wooden Nickel it's gonna pay out like
you know once every 10 times with a
penny and we have to shoot it to get it
to pay out but we don't really have much
choice in the matter we kind of got a
swing for the fences and even if we miss
you know will land in left field and
they could bobble that errors happen to
me in the MLB all the time often times
once per game one player will make an
error all the time
maybe a speed upgrade useful for dodging
exact situations like the one we just
had and this might be for the best
just watch out for that exact situation
you're guarding the coin is the thing we
made it we made it we made it uh.okay
free bomb you got a go Krampus his head
so like on paper we still gotta find our
item room as well on paper you're gonna
look at that and go but Krampus is head
can't give you coins
yeah but indirectly you can save us
coins by essentially killing every boss
and probably one other nasty room per
floor so you like this one for example I
feel like this is the right decision
it's fine the odds of the poop saving me
are relatively low I think I think we're
I think we're in the clear to do this
plus we still the deal of the angel
potential now and I don't know if
there's many angel deals that are tenant
attend for the keeper specifically
obviously you know Sacred Heart could be
awesome trying to think of what else
would really work but it doesn't matter
too much right now we got good damage
spider bite is actually a pretty solid
tear effect for us here and we got two
extra flies for doing that way slower
than the last run but I mean that's
because we had ship to a braid off the
bat on the last run and ship the loop is
like god mode even when we had
relatively not that great damage
shoopdawhoop was was getting the job
done quarter please had a feeling of a
secret room at least but wow oh it's
swallowed penny disregard this is lovely
okay so now every time we get hit we're
gonna drop some coins
it doesn't render us on killable but it
makes us difficult to kill
at least more difficult to kill these
enemies are still nonsense luckily our
range is good though and I mean luckily
we got swallowed penny or potentially we
could have died right there was that
worth using Krampus is head probably not
in hindsight but you know what they say
about hindsight I didn't want to tell
you I told us so but I did i freakin a
toda so had to sense that a little bit
for the new YouTube age okay Tripta move
just give me shifted don't cut off my
head P down my neck and tell me it's
raining okay that's not a very nice
thing to do we definitely do not want a
friendly ball Krampus is said not the
best item in the game
remember when Krampus his head used to
be was it for charges instead of six
those were the days man
it was a big relative to the the size of
the scene that was a big controversy
when it was reverted it did make it a
much better item which might have been
the problem considering it shows up you
know every second run more or less
actually we're not that much slower than
we were on the last run mostly because
this floor has been a lot stronger for
us this will be a great time to get the
world's luckiest deal with the angel
even though we don't have any bombs but
it's not like we're gonna really try to
fight mega Satan on this run anyway torn
photo is twenty out of ten huge tears
upgrade for us the shot speed I don't
know if it's good or bad but the tears
upgrade is very very valuable we asked
for it on the last run and we got it now
that's fine by me okay so we're on
catacombs to
what do we need now I mean I hate to say
it but a little deal with the devil + HP
action wouldn't be that bad that's what
we used to give us that leverage to pick
up dark matter in the last run I
apologized by the way I'm gonna be a
little bit more focused on the game
version of the commentary in this
episode just cuz it's a little bit more
you know it's a pressing matter when
you're playing Isaac you can mess around
a bit it's like the difference between
driving in a you know long country road
and driving in downtown Manhattan you
got to keep your head on a swivel here
things can change in an instant
Oh like there for example almost got me
we don't want petrified poop like we
could shoot the poop and get money and
that wouldn't be the worst thing but we
definitely want to keep swallowed penny
it's actually the ideal trinket and I
mean that literally
it's not unattractive it's the ideal
trinket I would take it over curbs horn
which I almost never will do for
anything else okay so we're just saving
Krampus is head cuz the boss fight could
be around the corner
we still need to get to our item room
but this is kind of a big moment for us
lovely deal with the angel we might as
well just take this right off the bed
stats aren't very relevant now we got to
think the wafer does nothing and mitre
is just gonna I mean is gonna do nothing
it's gonna turn red hearts into flies so
sadly I think we end up having to take
circle of protection which means when we
shoot the circle of protection reflects
shots be gone shots so I think that
that's I don't know what begone thoughts
is it's a meme that I'm not familiar
with I know what thot stands stands for
I don't know what it is I just know this
sound it makes me takes a man's life so
if I remember correctly oh it doesn't
even have to be us shooting so it's just
at specific intervals that are unknown
to me at the present moment if a shot
hits the circle of protection it becomes
a homing shot that works against the
enemy so we gotta be careful about these
to be honest all right maybe we don't
actually now that we have IV bag or a
swallow penny sorry similar ends very
different means
how could none of you be dead at this
point you're all one hit away
that's it makes me mad but we're gonna
move through it cuz now swallowed penny
should help us out here it should always
give us a penny in fact that should
allow us to play this demon judgment as
well so we're looking for like maximum
luck increase I'm sure gonna pick that
up necessarily we're looking for maximum
luck increase
[Music]
and if we can get the speed upgrades as
well that'd be nice I'm just I'm trying
to not pick up the coins that are in a
dangerous spot just in case it leads
itself to disaster we're probably gonna
be spending a lot of time on this floor
though it's not like we're worried about
boss rush just avoid accidentally
walking into the blood bank or the demon
judgement for that matter
it's alright cuz we're gonna clear it up
as time goes on here please this is a
very very good arcade for us and it
could also turn into a myriad of great
shops as well but we would really like
this to pay out like as soon as possible
because it's getting quite silly there
we go so we get I we started get blood
bag as a result so we're gonna play a
demon judgement and we could play the
demon judgement twice on one play but my
philosophy is why risk it you know one
wrong move and all of a sudden were dead
from our greed essentially we get
missing page two not particularly strong
to be honest with you
apparently it's doing work for us did I
never remember what are we looking for
here honestly I'm kind of torn because
we're looking for blood bag but we don't
really need to speed as ludus said in
crs magnum opus oh I don't even need to
speed we don't need 2.00 speed what we
could use is more money for the shops IV
bag is not the right call I think
sure it might allow us to get infinite
money in fact I mean as soon as you say
that you go what do you mean it's not
the right call well the problem is it
does hurt us as well so although it
gives us infinite money I kind of
consider that like secondary to the to
our safety but like do we get two cents
or more every time we use IV bag now we
just get one cent so we're really just
laundering obviously you can't make much
use of that still that was pretty good
we could use IV bag to get us into like
boss trap rooms for example I suppose we
got some speed we got missing page two
whatever the heck that's actually gonna
do for us remains to be seen we don't
need a one makes you larger pill so we
can turn it into a card is to teleport
cards pretty solid actually let's donate
five cents which you normally would
never do on a you know keeper run just
to get us to 500 nice round number still
on pace for boss rush which is kind of
hilarious boss rush is very secondary
I'm gonna use our stars cards in the
most conservative way possible
essentially just to take us you know
into the item rooms in all likelihood
possibly to teleport out of like what
looks to be a particularly juicy boss
trap or mob trap room depending on what
we qualify for but for now we're really
just interested in getting through these
floors without without dying sounds a
little basic but run like this you never
know although to be honest with you
swallowed penny makes it extremely
likely relative to the average keeper
run that we got a great chance of
winning here you know it's like we we
know what's gonna be on the test we
still got a study okay we still got to
memorize the answers but we know what's
gonna be on the test
I've never done that by the way I know
that's the Internet has a problem maybe
it's human nature as soon as someone
says I've never done that people go
guilty conscience huh not not
necessarily true surely in some
situations I am actually like I am an
honorable student I was gonna say to a
fault but really it's never really
backfired on me too much you know I was
also the kid where when you did like
take-home exams and they say don't work
with a partner obviously you go back to
the dorms people are like let's work
together and I'm like I don't know
professor Harris said don't use a
partner so I think I'm just gonna do it
myself you don't want to I wouldn't want
the teacher to be disappointed in me and
as is that a loti approach perhaps just
wanna try this but you know what I stand
by that code I think it's valuable
have a code of ethics plus it was also
like you know pretty easy anytime you
get to take home exam like there's a if
you haven't been if you've never done
really closed book exams or sorry open
book exams and that happens a lot like
in high school I don't think I you heed
the impression that an open book exam
was easy right not really the case no oh
you got your textbook why don't you just
look up the answers cuz really it's more
about you know proving that you know how
to do something like it doesn't prove
anything they show the teacher that
you've memorized you know X formula I
know you're going what about the
quadratic formula no you don't need you
don't need to have it memorized
that's like maybe in the 1600s you did
because books were infinity dollars and
it's day and age you don't need to the
only reason you need to have the
quadratic equation memorized is to you
know satisfy your ninth grade math
teacher also the title of my favorite
book the world useful maybe for the next
floor but an open book exam my opinion
is that they tend to actually be more
difficult than closed book exams because
they don't they're not testing like you
know what is Avogadro's number they're
going like use Avogadro's number to
solve what might be a more difficult
problem where am I going with this
take-home exams of the opposite in my
experience every take home exam I've
ever out of my life has ended up with
like the class average being 95 or
something like that
the one exception might be like one of
my English classes in university they
gave us the essay topics in advance so
that we would write the essays at home
and we could bring in the essays that we
wrote at home and then copy them onto
the piece of paper I don't know why that
was an exercise at the time but it was
and in that one you know when you write
an essay you could you never really know
where you're gonna fall at least in
college you know you that could be an
a-plus essay that could be a C+ essay
dependent of the teachers feeling you
never really know where you stand
lucky me just gonna use a bomb here we
got a like our odds of beating mom
extremely high our odds of beating mom's
heart I would put it above 50% odds of
beating Isaac I'd put him a little lower
to be honest with you good run and we're
gonna have to beat Isaac at some point
to unlock Wooden Nickel if we could
accomplish that on this run that would
be a success in and of itself thank God
for swallowed penny dude so we can spend
80 years on that shop what for what
speed and lock upgrades not necessary at
this point although our luck is zero
just realized despite getting all those
luck upgrades and that's the thing about
you know stem degrees dude versus like
an arts degree people have the
impression I had to take a balanced
education and I say that you know doing
the jerk off motion in my hand a little
bit sorry monetize monetize errs mana
Kaiser's know but you know science
conceptually might be a little bit more
difficult in some respects I guess you
got lab work but his lab work you know
harder than building a portfolio maybe
maybe not it's lab work harder than you
know painting I don't know I I'm not
necessarily gonna get into this argument
but I will say is that in in science
usually know where you stand and that's
worth something anytime I took an arts
course this may surprise you because I'm
so obviously intelligent and analytical
but I was more of an artsy kid in high
school my highest marks were like music
and English did fine in science but like
music and English were my jam even still
you know in university you take an
English class and write an essay about
you know bartleby the scrivener
you know what you're gonna get handed in
a nice a good essay get it back from the
teacher 75 it's not a bad mark
you go in for your you know calc 2 exam
you go I bomb that you get it back 62
you're like yeah okay turns out that my
expectations met reality on this one I
have I have a very it's not really like
a nerdy young Sheldon sort of anecdote
but I remember specifically I took an
exam in my first semester of University
for my calculus course that was an okay
student in calculus even though I
remember almost none of it extent except
how to you know derive the interval of
like Forex anyway
grab this we could always tell the port
none of this is good enough we don't
need it we don't need it head down to
the next floor and just keep moving yeah
forget the shop even we don't need it
we're working on other stuff to be
unlock something as a result of n no
this is good though dude
like actually good because this floor is
twice as long and we teleported right to
the boss fight anyway so uh they give us
a word problem which essentially was a
visual problem to be solved using
calculus so is like there's a fish on
one side of this stream and it wants to
go to the other side of the stream the
stream is moving it's flowing in a north
direction at like this many meters per
second what angle or what equation for
like the slope of the line should the
fish swim at in order to conserve as
much energy as possible you know it was
head you had to interpret a lot of these
formulas and equations that were given
to you and then apply them in such a way
as to solve the problem for yourself
well I I was doing it I did okay on the
test but I are on the exam I should say
but I was getting myself in a tizzy over
this particular question like I knew
this problem to be solved but I just
didn't know you know what goes where how
to apply one formulator the other for
this specific situation so I thought I
was a smart guy and I just said well if
the fish wants to conserve as much
energy as possible he just shouldn't
swim at all because not swimming
according to your calculations here take
zero energy I did not get full marks for
that question in theory you take the
mark
you walk out and get the halo in
practice should I do it no cuz I could
step on the spikes in reality I'm gonna
do it cuz I'm not a baby I've played
enough Isaac I'm not gonna shy away the
spikes don't even move you're gonna tell
me I should try to avoid the immobile
spikes not necessary my dudes that was
also the only time I've ever had
examines aya T my entire life I studied
I knew what I was doing
looked at the first page can't answer
any of the questions question one no
idea question two no idea question three
no idea turn to page two question six no
idea question seven no idea finally I
found a question that was like uh what
does the plus symbol represent was
something like that and I said oh I know
this I answered that question right
started to build some confidence went
back and I'm like wait a minute I know
all this stuff turns out I'd actually
studied it you know over the course of
the preceding four months did fine on
the exam that's why I'd like my my exam
advice if you ever find yourself you
know you get test anxiety everybody's
got their own solutions for dealing with
it I guess but if you're taking an exam
I'd like to start by finding the easiest
question on the exam takes like two
minutes starts your momentum op right
you know always start by writing your
name your student number on it and then
immediately after it it's like prison
you got to find a question that you can
mess up establish your dominance over
the exam and then after that everything
flows a little easy once you know you
got one question then you get two
questions then you get three questions
and then you know the rest is pretty
much up to your preparation and if you
can't answer a single question on the
exam you should have gone to class
that's just you know take the El on that
one enroll for the the makeup course
next semester anyway what are we even
talking about this is big cuz if we beat
Isaac and by the way the only reason
we're in this run at all is swallow
penny we're it not for swallow penny we
would be screwed but the keepers kind of
inherently an unfair character in with
so did we get a disproportionate
advantage oh dude
big time big time we kind of need it at
least on so be a Wooden Nickel once we
get Wooden Nickel which could actually
happen on this run then things become a
little bit more fair 50% chance to
actually be able to recover HP after
after taking damage most if you have
nun's habit but for now I'm gonna take
what we can get so we took what we can
get she looked at me with a big brown
eyes and said y equals MX plus B which
is true by the way
why because your boy doesn't mess around
what is this shot now when you open do
we can have it we have triple brimstone
but our face doesn't turn our damage is
the marijuana number
so our damage actually stinks pretty bad
who would have thought oh bumbo stole my
money
no Bumbo stole my money I needed that
you're not gonna shoot you're not gonna
shoot cuz you're scared but sincerely I
really need that money yeah but like I
need it like a lot thank you thank your
back we're back we're back okay don't be
proud of me for what I've done here this
was a stupid decision we should not have
done this we also should probably be
saving keys at this point we've rear old
what was actually a pretty solid run
into a run that if I'm being Frank with
you is kind of trash that doesn't matter
that much said well it might because we
need coins to survive but who doesn't in
today's economy this would be a
wonderful time to get shoopdawhoop
my decision was a bad one but if we got
to live with it and I'm happy because
again we made the run very easy for
ourselves took away some of our bragging
rights and now I'm saying no bring those
bragging rights back I have the bragging
right of way I do want to max out Bumbo
cuz like we could just hide plus it by
the way it wasn't all bad we got the
ability to fly thanks to the Seraphim
transformation but as you can see
approximately every room on planet Earth
is taking about 80 years to actually
complete so a tiers upgrade would be a
very nice thing for us to see I'm not
worried about the chests too much it's
all like this run the endgame is the
chest but we get pretty much the value
that we were hoping to derive just by
beating Isaac we're done did it all for
a troll bomb just kind of sad really
you spit out a coin there I do respect
that don't hit me please don't don't but
I specifically asked not to be hit we
need the key
no Bumbo the five senses for you let's
go okay we got next-level bum buh excuse
me we have X placebo tears
I mean why not right oh my god this rate
of fire who would have thought it turns
out an 84 rate of fire is actually
pretty bad the damage is good but mostly
thanks to the Empress unfortunately what
are the odds you drop a key after this
fight probably fairly low huh
good
so the wooden nickels should be unlocked
now which is basically a prerequisite
for getting further into the like boss
Russians keeper for example hushes
keeper those are gonna be a dang
nightmare try out try it out bombs okey
i'm drowsies fine i can see forever
spine full health not relevant right now
that's fine infestation to is not that
good because our rate of fire sorry it's
not that good because our damage stat is
actually fairly not that good
it's killing me dude having to charge up
80 for every single time
mind you when things you know die tends
not to take too long
bumbo if you're spitting the coins you
can have the coins okay I do want you to
hit max level you can kill things a
little faster we're in a much better
spot nothing huh thank you for not being
greed at least that's for you Bombo
he's got to be get in there search your
feelings you know it to be true
the real problem is if we can't kill an
enemy in a single charge of our shots
that's where the nightmares gonna start
cuz we really almost can't afford to
give enemies any chance to shoot us
that's for you come on getting to know
you getting new noella Bombo getting to
grow you getting to hope you like me you
ever failed a note completely just warp
it no shoots please no shoots please
no shooting please we need that coin no
not negotiable
also of bum Bo's busy chewing on enemies
from being max level he might not be
able to eat our coins which is a pretty
relevant concern for me at the present
moment
[Music]
fine that went very well actually we
could open it didn't end up being very
good but it's actually it's sad but
blank card is worse than mom's pad if we
never get any card to work with it so
might as well respective there's a
chance that that ends up being our
superior option unfortunately this is
still not the most regrettable reroll
I've ever done the stakes might be close
to the highest but that's what makes it
fun it just goes to show you like how
unassailably strong swallowed penny is
is the keeper would have been nice to
not have to take that but it's fine like
even with the the fairly awful reroll
we're still mostly set you think we have
a little baggie we also have taro cloth
which is very strong we need cards but
I'm thinking maybe we got a little
baggie and that's why we haven't seen a
card yet come on
[Music]
that's for you
that's fine I'm actually happy you're
like milling my coins and giving them to
bumbo who is now at max level no what
can we say we really did it to ourselves
however I'm stoked we did the reroll we
died by our own principles and we got
wooden nickels so keeper runs should be
easier in the future for now thanks for
watching I'm an idiot but I'll be back
tomorrow I hope you will be as well
click the like button if you enjoyed the
episode subscribe you are see more the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time